Review "Structure" page (#533)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/structure/_index.md

---
aliases:
  - /docs/writers-toolkit/writing-guide/documentation-structure/
  - /docs/writers-toolkit/structure

> description: How to organize concepts and tasks in the repository.

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2024-02-26
description: How to organize concepts and tasks in the repository.
```

keywords:
  - information architecture
  - structure
menuTitle: Structure
title: Documentation structure

> weight: 300

Reviewer: No date metadata on this one

Author: Good catch!

---

# Documentation structure

The Grafana Labs Docs squad makes intentional decisions about how to organize and structure product documentation.
The topic levels discussed on this page reflect common user goals.

> For example, a first-time Grafana user needs to understand the basic concepts before installing the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a first-time Grafana user must understand the basic concepts before installing the product.
```

Before you begin contributing to documentation, it's important to understand the structure of the content.

## User goals and documentation structure

> When writing documentation, focus on what your user's goals are.
> For more information, refer to [Focus on user goals](https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/style-conventions/#focus-on-user-goals).

Reviewer: Could we combine these into one?

```suggestion
When writing documentation, [focus on what your user's goals](https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/style-conventions/#focus-on-user-goals) are.
```

Author: I think that paragraph makes more sense in this page than where it is currently. @chri2547 do you have objections to me moving that paragraph here?

Reviewer 2: @jdbaldry , I'm unclear on what you mean. Which paragraph do you want to move here? And where is it currently?

Author: Ah, I appear to have misunderstood Clayton's comment, apologies to you both. 

I was thinking that the proposal was to move the [Focus on user goals](https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/style-conventions/#focus-on-user-goals) section to this page but in fact it's just to combine the two sentences.

Reviewer 2: Gotcha, all good. Approved!

> The Grafana Labs Docs squad makes intentional decisions about how to organize and structure product documentation.

Reviewer 3: Not 100% sure, but I think this should be "Documentation team" not "Docs squad".

Author: I actually don't know our external language for this. Internally we are the Docs squad but I do prefer to read "documentation" over "docs" in our documentation.

Perhaps "Grafana Labs documentation team"?

Reviewer 3: Are we actually a "squad" and not a "team" though? Asking because I once wrote "squad" in a Writer's Toolkit article and Fiona corrected it to "team".

Author: Clarifying in https://raintank-corp.slack.com/archives/C01EK60DKC5/p1708964159220449

Author: I've added a rule for it and updated the wording in the document.
